feat: weighted load-balancing via `package.json` config (#14)
ClarkSource/lerna-parallelism: README.md

If you'd like to see support for these commands as well, feel free to submit a
pull request!

## Load Balancing (advanced)

By default, `lerna-parallelism` gives each partition an approximately equal number
of packages by chunking an alphabetized array. Depending on the number of tests 
each of your packages has, you may find this results in imbalanced runtimes between 
partitions.

To address this, `lerna-parallelism` offers a load balancing mode which uses a
weighted round-robin algorithm, informed by a weight "hint" specified in each 
package's `package.json`.

This adds two additional CLI options in addition to those above:

- `--loadBalance`: Toggles load-balancing mode. Defaults to
  `false`.

> - `--packageTestWeightKey myProjectWeight`: The lookup key used to read the project's
>   weight from its package.json. Defaults to `lernaPackageTestWeight`.

Reviewer: Is there a reason you chose `--packageTestWeightKey` over just `--packageWeightKey`?

Would you be okay with changing this?

```suggestion
- `--packageWeightKey myProjectWeight`: The lookup key used to read the project's
  weight from its `package.json`. Defaults to `lernaPackageWeight`.
```

### Usage

`lerna-parallelism --loadBalance run test`

And add a `lernaPackageTestWeight` property (numeric) to your package.json for each package.
If it is missing, `1` is the default weight assigned.

> If you have a need to partition differently for multiple CI tasks, you can use
> `--packageTestWeightKey` to specify which weight property should be read from package.json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a need to partition differently for multiple CI tasks, you can use
`--packageWeightKey` to specify which weight property should be read from `package.json`.
```
